Adds SOME not ALL features of the Chaos Cubed Drop from Minecraft Bedrock/Java. THERE WILL BE NO SULFUR GEYSERS!!! This is because, well, there is not a good way to replicate it. BUT, there are Sulfur Caves and Sulfur Springs. Key Features: Sulfur Block variants, except Potent Sulfur. All Cinnabar Variants, Sulfur Springs which hint Sulfur Caves. You can mine up these blocks to create the other Sulfur Variants. Here is a little inside scoop for my next project! I will Recreate the 3rd Minecraft Drop which adds Poplar Wood, And other stuff from that drop! I probably will not do Tiny Takeover, Aka 1st 2026 Minecraft Drop. I may though. Tell me your thoughts on that one in comments. The Sulfur Cave is Kind of Compact so i will try to improve that. Hope you like and Download! Tell me things you maybe want me to add/make in the future. I mostly do Pre-Releases. But this is my first. Its very funny though, i completely skipped Tiny Takeover to go to Chaos Cubed. Like I said. Tell me in comments about Bugs, Things that need to be fixed and if you want Tiny Takeover. (That would only be a resource pack!) I will let you know, I loved Playing Crackers Wither Storm Mod Bedrock Port 0.4.8.4 By the Decayed Team on Minecraft Education at school in first period. Then the idea formed. Why not start making Pre-Releases? But When Minecraft Education had version 1.21.93, i tried to recreate the Copper Age Update (Copper, Colaborate, and Compete) But sadly a few days later, Mojang updated the engine to 1.21.132 then late 1.21.133. Enjoy My Addon!

INSTALLATION: Download the latest .mcaddon file for the Releases section. This insures you have the latest Patch for Bug fixes!
Windows: Download the file and then ensure you have Minecraft Education Edition from the Microsoft Store. Then Go into files and Double click the File and It will Import for you! Or Right Click the File and Say Open Then Open With Minecraft Education unless saying open Automatically opens file! Done!
Android: Download file and the go into your file manager and click the file ONCE. If that doesn't work, I would recommend installing file manager plus from the Google Play Store and then Clicking your file to install. Enjoy!

If You have an Idea in the future for a Pre-Release, tell me an idea! I can maybe do it.
